Release/6.5.0 (#1326)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: MIGRATION.md

The guides below are provided to ease the transition of existing applications using the Onfido SDK from one version to another that introduces breaking API changes.

> ## `6.x.y` -> `7.0.0`

Reviewer: I forgot to update this
```suggestion
## `6.4.0` -> `6.5.0`
```

> From version 7.0.0, TypeScript is officially supported. If you previously installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 6.5.0, TypeScript is officially supported. If you previously installed
```
